---
title: 'John P. Levin'
email: 'jlevin@folgerlevin.com'
phone: '415.625.1050'
education: 'J.D.  — 			         			Stanford University Law School,			         			1973  			            							        M.A. — 			         			Stanford University,			         			1970  			            							        B.A. — 			         			Harvard College,			         			1969'
practiceAreas: 
 - Corporate & Real Estate
 - Estate Planning
 - Nonprofit &  Charitable

---
<p>John Levin is Chairman of Folger Levin LLP. His practice focuses on transactions and strategic advice for businesses, high net worth families and individuals, and non-profit organizations.</p>
<p>John received his law degree from Stanford Law School in 1973. He earned a Bachelor of Arts from Harvard College in 1969 and a Master of Arts in Education from Stanford University in 1970. Following law school, John served for one year as law clerk to Associate Justice Stanley Mosk of the Supreme Court of California. In 1978, John co-founded Folger &amp; Levin and served as its chairman and managing partner for nearly 30 years. He has been a member of the California Bar since 1973.</p>
<p>John is active in a wide range of community activities and has served on numerous boards. In 2009 he completed a ten year term as a Trustee of Stanford University, the last five years as Vice-Chair of the Board. He is currently Chair of the Board of Directors of Stanford Health Care, a member of the Board of Directors of Lucile Packard Children&#x2019;s Hospital Stanford and served as Convening Co-Chair of the Campaign for Stanford Medicine. In 2015, Stanford awarded John its Gold Spike, the University&#x2019;s highest recognition of volunteer leadership service. In 2016, the Stanford School of Medicine awarded John the Dean&#x2019;s Medal, its highest honor. In 2017, Stanford Law School recognized John with its National Public Service Award for exceptional commitment to public service and social justice. He is Chair of the Board of Trustees of the Jay and Rose Phillips Family Foundation of California, a founding member of the Board of Trustees of Coaching Corps and a member of the National Advisory Board of the Haas Center for Public Service. John has been active in the leadership of Stanford Law School, serving as a member of the Dean&#x2019;s Advisory Council, Co-Chair of the Campaign for Stanford Law School and a member of the Executive Committee of the school&#x2019;s Board of Visitors. With his wife Terry, John established The John and Terry Levin Center for Public Service and Public Interest Law at Stanford Law School. John has also served as Chair of the Board of Trustees of the Claude and Louise Rosenberg, Jr. Family Foundation, Vice-Chair of the Board of Trustees of Marin Country Day School, a member of the Board of Trustees of Marin Academy, a member of the Board of Trustees of the Little School, a member of the Advisory Board of the John W. Gardner Center for Youth and their Communities, a member of Harvard University&#x2019;s Committee on University Resources and a member of the Civil Justice Reform Act Advisory Group of the United States District Court for the Northern District of California.</p>